## Requirements
- Node 18+
- NPM/Yarn

## Start the project for Development
- npm install
- npm run dev

## Start the project for Production
- npm install
- npm build
- npm run start

## Stack
- [NextJS](https://nextjs.org/)
- [Apollo GraphQL](https://www.apollographql.com/)
- [TailwindCSS](https://tailwindcss.com/)

## Notes
- In all honesty, the worst but most important comment first, regarding state management. I don't usually like to have a state management library in _every_ project (I consider it not to be necessary a lot of the times; a lot of the data is not _that_ static), but it seems like it could be a good idea in this case, and I think it's probably something that you wanted to see done here. I really tried doing it and analized a couple solutions. My go-to solution would be something like _Redux_, which I have a lot of experience with, but to be honest, it seems like a lot of work only to store a couple launches for this short project. The performance optimization that I really tried, in the end, was _Apollo GraphQL_'s own cache, which should be a good idea in order to show how some of the data shared between the _Home_ page and the _Launch_ could be retrieved directly without going back to the backend. But, honestly, I couldn't make it work. I've used it in production in the past, and I tried really hard to make it work, but this particular project's duration got out of hand doing it. I tried playing with the configuration, and even used _Apollo_'s tools for the browser that show cached data (in fact, information gets saved, it just doesn't retrieve it when it should). I still think the solution is well-rounded even without that part being finished properly.
- I used _Apollo GraphQL_ because it's a very standard library to use for _GraphQL_, and because I have previous production/work experience with it.
- I used _NextJS_ because it's the framework I've been using lately to start my React projects, and it has become pretty common to use in the React ecosystem. It provides several features that become useful as a project grows (like SSR for example), several integrations and support with popular libraries. And it's opinionated about certain things, in a good way. (just to clarify, I don't fall in love with any libraries, I'm always open to different alternatives)
- I used _TailwindCSS_ for styling because it has become popular lately and it made a lot of sense for a project this size (and for bigger projects, too; I understand it's used by companies of all sizes). I didn't have a lot of experience with it, and I kinda liked it after using it for this project. As an alternative to _TailwindCSS_, in general I like to use a _CSS in JS_ solution, and separate styles in a different file in a component folder, with a name like _{component}.styles.js_. With _TailwindCSS_ is easier than before to have many inline styles in the same file, which in general I don't like very much. (again, not in love with any particular solution)
- The _GraphQL_ service used in the exercise seems to not have implemented correctly the order and sort properties, at least for the _Launches_ API. I tried to make it work, I read their code, but I think they are using some kind of code generator so I cannot understand why it's failing on their side. I couldn't make it work from the _Explorer_, either. This affects a little bit the exercise but probably not in a meaningful way. I could have added features around ordering the data, and I would have really liked to be able to show latest _Launches_ first, but I couldn't.
- The _GraphQL_ service used in the exercise seems to implement limit and offset in a weird (not usual) manner. I think in general you set an offset that should be the index of the item to start retrieving elements from, and then a _limit_ that represents the total amount of elements we want to retrieve. Using this API, trying to retrieve something with (_offset_: 4, _limit_: 4) does not retrieve anything (even when there are more elements in the dataset). It's necessary, in order to fix it, to ask with (_offset_: 4, _limit_: 8), which retrieves the 4 items we want. It’s possible to verify this issue in the _GraphQL Explorer_ that you sent with the exercise. In fact, I went and read their code, and it actually seems like they have a bug [here](https://github.com/apollographql/spacex/blob/8c6f66b39be4968958283522da7460eb67fdbfc9/src/limit-offset-service.ts#L12). I think they are using slice() incorrectly (they should sum both the offset and the limit as the second argument of slice() in order to fix it).
- I couldn't find results with the _Explorer_ where Launch _Site_ and _Success_ were populated. In all cases both return null. Of course, I may be making a mistake. I'm still retrieving it and showing the correct label anyways.
- When using _NextJS_ (which is very popular at the moment), the structure of pages and components is closely related to the way routing is done (which actually simplifies and standardizes it a lot), so the framework defines a lot of it. Of course, I definitely agree with the structure proposed by the framework (otherwise, I wouldn't use it).
- I created an environment file with the URL with the only purpose of showing one way of managing different configurations for different environments (even when there are no environments and we only use one URL). In a real situation, with multiple environments and the project deployed in a cloud provider, one secure and good way of doing it is, for example, setting environment variables in the service configuration with the cloud provider.
- I added a second page with more details about each launch only as an excuse to show the structure with more than one page, router use, and _GraphQL_ fragments.
- In a bigger project, or with more time, I would 100% use some kind of package or workspace configuration in order to be able to import elements from, for example, the _components_ or _env_ folder without having to use relative imports.
- Added Lint for a more consistent code style and clarity. It runs automatically on build (errors make the build fail, warnings don't). This should be enough to make sure the lint passes on pushes to a repository (with the proper integration with _Github Actions_ or _CircleCI_).
- _NextJS_ has a default 404 (Not Found) page, but I implemented a simple one just to show how it should be done. _NextJS_ makes this page static automatically so that it doesn't generate unnecessary load. What _NextJS_ doesn't provide automatically is a default Error page for when something fails, so I implemented a simple _ErrorBoundary_. It should be useful when a call to /launches/[id] with a non-existant ID occurs, for example. (please note it can only be seen in _Production_ mode)
- I assumed, looking at the mock, that a illustrative photo/picture was expected at the top of the page.
- I tried the webapp on mobile and it seems to adapt well to lower resolutions.
- It should be fairly easy with _TailwindCSS_ to adapt the UI to Dark Mode, too. I've implemented it with _React_'s _Context API_ in the past, too. I didn't do it mainly because I would have had to choose more colors and I don't think that was something important in this exercise.
- Funny thing: I implemented _cursor: pointer_ in all buttons, but for some reason it stopped working at the end and I can't make it work now (it's probably just happening on my environment, let me know if it works for you!).
